JobClock
========

The JobClock project aims to create a collection of command line utilities all
of which serve an identical function: to maintain and extract information from
a log of daily activities. Each utility will be written in a diferent language
and will pass a common set of spec tests. The purpose of this, aside from creating
a handy utility, is to teach me languages I don't know or don't know very well.
I am going to start with Perl because I already know Perl and why not? After that
I'll do Java, which I also know well. After that I'll move through the following
in no particular order:

* Python
* Ruby
* Haskell
* Scala
* C++
* Lua

History
-------

About 7 years ago I wrote the initial draft of this application in Perl. At the
time I was working for a company that lived off government grants. We needed to
keep track of what time was spent working on which grant. Most of my co-workers
did this with a pencil and paper or some sort of spreadsheet, but I found this
annoying so I hacked out a little utility that allowed me to type

clock -g EVIL_GRANT starting work on library X

When I started working on library X for evil grant EVIL_GRANT. When I changed
tasks I would type the appropriate thing on the command line and a new line was
added to my log. At the end of the day I would type something like

clock --done

And the last open task would be marked as closed. There was more to it than this,
but these were the basic operations.

When it came time to submit the paperwork for the various grants I would type something
like

clock --csv=hours.csv Jan 1 - Jan 31

and the relevant portion of the log would be converted into a table that I could
import into a spreadsheet program for cutting and pasting into the paperwork.

This utility acquired a little featuritis as time went by and it grew organically
into something a little difficult to tinker with. I decided some time ago that I should
start from scratch and rewrite it with a more optimal design. I figured while I was
at it I could replicate the work in other languages as a learning exercise. And if
I rewrote it in Java I could easily add on a GUI and package it up in a jar so that
less technically tolerant people such as my wife and other friends could use it without
worrying about the command line. I may add GUIs for the other languages, too, once they
all pass the spec tests, but I make no guarantees about that.

License
-------
Everything is licensed under LGPLv3.

Copyright(©) 2011 David F. Houghton
dfhoughton at gmail dot com
